What's wrong with you?
Tell him to get out and shut up
If you don't get out, blame me for being rude to you
Ok you wait for me
Humph
President, look at me being beaten
Who did it?
He, he, he's crazy.
He actually let the practice not provide us with milk tea ingredients
We were tricked by him
What!
Damn Lin Yi
Fucking fool me again
Let's go find them
Surnamed Lin
You must give me a reasonable explanation today
Yo, this is not Chairperson Li
What are you doing in this life?
I consider you a friend
You take me for an idiot
Why did the workshop stop supplying milk tea ingredients?
And he hurt my people
Well, how is that possible?
I never said that.
The manager of the workshop said it himself
Impossible in the middle
There must be some misunderstanding
President Li, don't worry
And me?
I will definitely give you a reasonable explanation in person.
I'll check it out myself
I'm sure you didn't do it.
It's absolutely true.
Ok, I'll trust you again.
Stop messing around
Ah hum
Shopkeeper Lin
What kind of medicine do you sell in this gourd?
Steady Li Rongfan first
When the time comes, wait for him to react
The gods can't save him